you
my name is Frankie people call me
Frankie but not by my Chinese name yes
basically i'm in this industry for about
seven years
good thing about being a tattoo artist
and a piercer we have a lot Needham's
now sometimes they are very few
customers sometimes we need customer who
doesn't know what they want like it fell
over here
today we haven't had to apartment in a
couple now the girl named the key chain
and the guiding star first I'm going to
do a touch up for leech has previous
statute and I'm going to do a brand new
tattoo boxcar the shape of a dagger in
williamstown
Jen I'm actually from bitter the
Japanese tattoo like the lizard part
yeah its wisdom and but I wanted to put
it on my right
but I showed of it because I use my
right hand it's all right and do stuff
I was kind of sure like what I want it
and I cut I really believe in like what
he has done and all that so I was fine
with it it doesn't really hurt really
but it's things that's what yeah it
really stinks like you get a bee sting
yeah it's something like that I was only
gonna come here for a touch-up but you
know I decided to know get another one
yeah I feel it means a memory to make
more of memories memories will last a
lifetime so the tattoo so this is what
lucky like that okay but then after that
due to hydrolyse and other bad obama but
then the father is hey maybe when he
went back to us a-- you want to do
additional to us the shadow play and the
battery know or maybe died and her back
so he also want to get something in moto
it mean something local okay i will buy
same don't do Tooting beside me
now basically every instrument
go up a sterilization to prevent HIV and
hepatitis virus not for the invite we
basically disowned me organic face
it because to be back into action to end
this is something that we put two people
skin we make maps on people for the rest
of others people life so don't don't
play around if you want to become make
sure you click good do in a right way hi
Jenica Lee of course when you are
starting you won't be that good but be
patient just learn
he demands himself to be prepared so
it's always were satisfied done very
professionally screams see great
although it's a bit tiring but since he
is going to be back to us and maybe he
don't have the chance to come back so I
put a lot of time to do this tattoo to
make sure that happens hundred percent
perfect but there's no there's no such
thing on the cosign for failure just try
to minimize the you know catch up job
not to be that much of a shock what does
great work now in the face is time on a
precise the way it should be
I
you